RTP and COYOTE VADIO
present
SUNSET
Love comes at Night
Don't worry.
Everything will be alright.
It's just a heart transplant.
- What I fear is the anaesthesia.
- Promise you won't die.
What nonsense...
Has anyone ever died
of a heart transplant?
It's almost as if I'm being circumcised!
Hey, champ! Are we ready
for the "cut and sew"?
Let's go, old pal.
Promise me it will all go well,
Rodrigo.
It's as if your father
is being circumcised!
If it all goes as planned, how long
will Eduardo have to stay here?
Five to six days, I would say.
Good!
I can go to Nauticampo, then.
Let's go, I have a neurology
appointment this afternoon.
My hands have been shaking.
Look at this.
I'll see you in a bit.
Madalena...
- If I don't survive...
- Don't say that!
... promise two things to me.
Promise, please...
... you'll marry again.
And promise you'll delete
my browsing history...
... without seeing it.
I promise, Eduardo...
I promise.
Let's go.
Eduardo.
Regardless of everything,
we're brothers,
and that has its meaning.
Blood is blood.
Maybe my new heart will help me
forgive you, Simão.
This one can't do it.
Let's go.
I don't have anything to say
to this gentleman.
- What are you doing, Simão?
- We need to talk, Madalena.
- Talk about what?
- About your other daughter!
Focus solely on the asthmatic
whales of Patagonia singing...
Filipa...
... inhale...
... exhale...
You... are the whale.
You... Are you fat?
To lose weight, click on the...
Damn advertising!
Always the same with free tutorials!
- Filipa?
- What?
Here's this month's magazine,
at first-hand.
Your cover is on the stands,
superstar!
You chose this damn picture?
I look like I still eat bread!
- Well, I like it.
- You know what I'd like, Raul?
- That you'd find out who my twin is.
- I will.
I've been on two dark web boards:
"Tuga Twins" and "I'd do both".
But this takes time!
Don't you think I know that?
I've been searching for 30 years!
What sister, Simão?
Matilde is an only child.
Have you ever seen her
sharing a dessert?
Who told you that?
You know that walls have ears,
Madalena.
Why that informal speech?
What do you want
from this conversation?
What do I want?
It's simple.
I want... the São Cajó necklace!
The São Cajó necklace?
The one that's been in the Bourbon
de Linhaça family for over 3500 years?
Precisely.
Do you want to blackmail me?
This female astuteness
is quite curious.
Eduardo is right.
You're unscrupulous, Simão!
You don't deserve to be called
a Bourbon de Linhaça
and shouldn't be allowed
to embroider it on polo shirts!
I know.
Silence!
Are you at home?
You aren't worth a thing!
A thing!
But the necklace is. According
to the Portuguese Necklace Institute,
it's worth six thousand millions
of millions of millions of millions...
... of Euros.
So, I can be an unscrupulous man,
but I will be a very rich one.
If you don't give me the necklace,
I will tell Eduardo
that you have another daughter.
Do I need to go over there
or what?
What a missile.
If Americans had a weapon like this,
they would've won the war.
And they say
that flowers don't walk!
They walk, alright...
You... beautiful!
Want a sardine?
Look, you idiot!
Instead of your John Travolta show,
how about taking care of the coal?
- Wait, calm down.
You woke up in a bad mood,
is that right?
- I'm taking care of it.
- Give me that, Tó Mané!
Go away, Tó Mané!
Look!
That's what we really needed.
Driving like an insane person!
Tó Mané! Brother Nando
comes on an emergency mission.
Are you feeling well, Tó Mané?
Are you breathing well?
- Yes.
- I heard you're hanging yourself again.
Worse than flies! He smells sardine
and comes flying right away.
- It smells great.
- I want to talk with you, trickster.
Pick up your clothes, Elsa,
or they will smell of "Somos Portugal"!
- A... ring?
- Yes, a ring! Why is it so strange?
An engagement ring for Ivone.
- A gold one?
- Of course, as it should be!
A man marries two or three times only,
no more!
That's right.
- You're certain of it.
- Of course.
Let's see what Nando can do
to help, okay?
Tó Mané, in the meantime,
give me a sardine, will you?
I'm starving!
Ivone!
Add two more for Nando.
Just like that?
If he's hungry, he can go to Sidónio!
Look at him...
- I will convince her.
- Get a job!
- At least one...
- Shut up.
- Do you want a magazine?
- Ask for "Bulls & Fitness".
It's right here.
I'm getting one myself.
"Rich Kids Décor".
Do you want it too?
My God! It can't be...
Mum? Mum!
No, mum...
Mum...
Someone help me, please!
She suffers from celiac disease!
Mum...
- When does the rehearsal end?
- Until we can. We must be at our best.
If the TV performance goes well,
it can be the chance we needed
for our Vine popularity!
- Vine is gone, man.
- Are you kidding?
Can't access MySpace because
I'm out of data, how should I know?
- Accept that job at the estate!
- Do I need to repeat? I'm vegan.
- You only need to cut wood, man.
- Wood has feelings too, dude.
Nature is unique.
Humans, animals, plants, mushrooms,
we are all the same, dude!
Yes...
I'm smoking a joint.
Shouldn't we have a name?
You're right, we should.
Lourenço & The Pubes.
- Lourenço and the what now?
- What's the problem?
- He started it, he's the leader.
- Solve it in bed, okay?
- No, he's right.
- I'm not buying that!
Exactly. We are a band,
we are all equal.
Linhaça Holocaust, man.
Masonic Funeral.
- Spirulina Nation.
- The Clit.
No?
I got it.
Jesus...
... Cyst.
Dude...!
Jesus Cyst!
Yeah, man! Yeah, man!
Please, mum.
Take a bite of this chorizo bread.
The nurse said you needed to eat.
No, I can't digest it very well.
I just want to sit down.
What's wrong? You got so weird
after talking with uncle Simão.
- What did you talk about?
- Nothing important.
Issues related to Pôr do Sol estate.
And the Europa League final.
- Just a tiny bite, come on.
- Madalena, Matilde...
- How is he, Rodrigo?
- Did the operation go well?
Very well.
He already has a new heart.
- So good!
- Thank God!
But he is at the recovery room
and will have to be there for a few hours.
- Why?
- A bad reaction to the anaesthesia.
He is feeling well, awake,
but can't say "half a serving".
- My God...
- Will he be like that forever?
Keep calm, let's have faith.
You know Eduardo is a warrior.
I'm sure he will be able
to say it again soon.
See you soon.
Thank you.
I still don't understand
why we're having lunch, Artur.
But you came anyway.
Excuse me.
- The menu.
- Thank you.
- Do you want a 15 Euro water bottle?
- Yes, please bring us one.
Do you wish to explain
why we're having lunch?
- I believe you know, Cristina.
- Artur...
If it is about Blaze,
I already told you.
As CEO, I am not interested
in selling it.
Everything is for sale in this world.
Understand that, once and for all.
- Have you seen the menu?
- No.
What about the paintings?
That one is by Paula Rego.
- Give us a few minutes, will you?
- Sure.
Do you think they serve
a good rice risotto?
Let me choose.
Today, you're in my hands.
- Brings us foreign wine.
- Well, of course.
What's this?
Went outside and thought
of getting you a crab.
You're really something...
Will eat it in a bit, I'm just
working on the dark web. Let me...
Dark web? I always
wanted to see how it is.
Looks like the Social Security site.
Yes, but it's dark.
You'll find everything here,
people selling weapons,
drugs, lamprey...
Why are you there?
Isn't it dangerous?
A little bit... But I use a fake profile,
"Official Ruy de Carvalho".
I can't do anything illegal.
When they give me extra change,
I get herpes here.
Where are you, Filipa's sister...
- Matilde!
- Hey!
So, how is your father?
- Did it all go well?
- Yes, thank God.
I mean...
He can't say "half a serving".
But doctors told us
he may be able to say it again.
Speech therapy.
My uncle couldn't say "6th floor
neighbour", after he got divorced.
He almost fully recovered.
Speech therapy...
Yeah...
He will be fine.
How will I know if he'll be fine?
I don't know him.
- And what's the problem with that?
- Are you crazy?
Have you imagined wasting food
your entire life?
- And the helplessness.
- You really don't have a heart...
Matilde... is there anything
I can do to help?
You can play my favourite song.
Come on, Lourenço.
Let's play her favourite song.
- Yeah...
- Let's go.
António...
I think of how you a woman would be
good for you so many times...
I'm used to it.
Can't remember how long it has been
since I've felt a woman's warmth.
- Since my Adília died.
- Such a stupid death, poor one.
- Trapped in a two door fridge.
- She had never seen one, you know?
Poor woman.
She was unlucky.
If only the head
had been on the outside...
But no, it had to get stuck
in the vegetable drawer!
That's life.
Yes...
But come on,
tell me who do you think
will want me, with my age?
Don't say that, António.
One never knows.
- Tell me... come on!
- Open your eyes, António.
Since your Adília died,
you always had a woman
who loves you by your side.
Or... haven't you understood yet,
António?
Maria da Piedade, you...
- ... you... love me?
- More than you can imagine.
- I don't know what to say...
- You don't have to say a word.
I didn't tell you this...
to hear the same from you.
I know you don't feel the same.
I only told you this...
... because I drank four ginjinhas.
Maria da Piedade, I...
Forgive me... even if I wanted,
I wouldn't be able to lie to you.
I have only ever loved
one woman.
- I need to talk with you, António.
- Excuse me.
Sunset
It's impossible...
- Our daughter, Madalena?
- Our daughter, António!
She is alive. Alive!
It's impossible,
I saw her explode.
Her, the boat, the man...
She was wearing an asbestos onesie,
maybe it protected her.
- Asbestos?
- I had 20 years, how would I know?
- She's alive, that's what matters.
- She likes dolphins. Who doesn't?
What do we do now,
António?
Shall we talk with her?
Send her an SMS?
A funny meme
about parental neglect?
No, Madalena!
We won't do a thing.
Let's wait and think.
Does anyone else
know about this?
- No, nobody knows.
- No one saw the magazine?
Don't worry, António.
I already asked Father Vitó
to buy every copy of the magazine,
to burn them and hide the ashes
where no one goes. Moscavide.
Father Vitó...
You and that priest...
Are you sure he won't
tell this to anyone?
He won't, António! He can't!
It's forbidden, it was a confession.
I hope you're right, Madalena...
I really do.
- Want to talk, Pedro Granger?
- Yes, Crazy Tó.
We have a problem.
The work didn't go
as we had agreed.
What do you mean?
I set the cherry trees on fire.
Yes, but only half got burnt.
You don't want to pay, dude?
- "Dude"?
- Yes, "dude".
If you're getting ideas,
I will tell the Police.
I recorded our conversation.
See this tooth here?
It's fake.
It had a recorder inside.
- Interesting.
- Interesting?
Yes.
It will be interesting to see
if anyone finds out about that detail...
- ... in your autopsy.
- Autop...
I'm used to automatic cars.
Doctor Massacre?
Yes.
- Stop! You're close enough.
- We have to scream, like this.
We have to scream!
Enough!
Before we start,
would you mind answering a survey
with one or two questions?
- Right now?
- Yes, it won't take long.
- Have you hired a hitman before?
- Never.
- How did you get to me? Dark web?
- Muppies.
- Very good.
- And now?
Now... you'll give me
the picture of the target.
And after you transfer the bitcoins
to my account... I'll kill them.
- Will send you an ear to confirm.
- Jesus!
Do you prefer a nose?
Just don't request nails, I don't like it.
- I need to give you the picture!
- You don't use Airdrop?
WeTransfer?
One Drive?
One Direction?
Well, give me that.
Narciso?
Didn't you know you have a hitman
working at the farm?
Don't worry.
I will have much pleasure...
... in killing Dr. Simão.
Translation and Subtitling
MANUEL PEREIRA
RTP - Production